nothing is better than a good grilled
cheese sandwich but oftentimes people
have trouble with this very simple item
today I'm going to show you how to make
the most flavorful grilled cheese
sandwich and the best way to cook it
cheese is the most important part and
what I like to do is use a combination
of cheeses 1/4 melt ability that's a
technical term and two for flavor so in
front of me I have three great melting
cheese's Monterey Jack
I have cheddar here and this is an aged
cheddar that has a good amount of flavor
but will also melt so it's not one of
those clothbound cheddar and a Swiss
cheese or an Alpine cheese you could use
a greer or something like that so what I
like to do is take a little bit of each
of these cheeses and mix them together
and so you've created your own cheese
blend here so you can have your own
signature grilled cheese sandwich and
you're gonna have an amazing flavor
now the next step in creating a perfect
grilled cheese sandwich is having the
right bread I'm using a nice white bread
it's very light and texture and we need
to get that crisp brown crust that
signature crunch of a grilled cheese
sandwich so how are we gonna get that
well it's with a little bit of butter
make sure it is soft soft soft
room-temperature butter bread it on one
side of your bread now if you really
wanted to use a whole wheat or if you
wanted to use something like rye or any
other type of bread you could certainly
do that
I just don't think you'll have the same
outcome so I'm taking the other slice of
bread and spreading the butter on it
nice and evenly now make sure you have a
nonstick skillet preheated over low heat
place one of the slices of bread
buttered side down on your cutting board
and take a good amount of your cheese
mixture I would say a quarter of a cup
to a third of a cup of cheese is great
here top with the next piece of bread
buttered side up and now this goes right
into your nonstick skillet and
now this sandwich is gonna cook over low
heat for about five to eight minutes
until it's nice and crisp on the one
side you're gonna flip it and repeat the
process that same amount of time so it's
been about five minutes I'm going to
give my grilled cheese a little peak
here it looks nice and a dark golden
brown color you can hear it's super
crisp and now another five minutes on
this side and you are going to have the
most amazing grilled cheese sandwich so
another five minutes have gone by and
look at how nice and golden-brown the
outside is now you have to enjoy a
grilled cheese sandwich when it's nice
and hot so of course cut it in half on a
diagonal you really want those triangle
slices and look at how cheesy and gooey
that is a perfect blend of melted
cheese's crisp brown bread I have to try
this you guys
I mean it's so simple to make a really
good grilled cheese sandwich as long as
you have those tips and tricks enjoy
guys